SOFTWARE LICENSE

DEFINITIONS:  The term "You" includes, but is not limited to, users of
the Fisher-Rosemount Systems, Inc. (FRSI) product embodied in the
computer program herein, the user's employer's wholly owned
subsidiaries, parent company, agents, employees, contractors, and
sub-contractors.  The term "License Agreement" refers to one of FRSI's
License Agreements, including but not limited to, all Software License
Agreements accompanying FRSI products, all Beta Test Agreements, and
all Master License Agreements.

Any and all use of the product is subject to the terms and conditions
of the applicable License Agreement.  The terms and conditions of the
applicable License Agreement by and between You and FRSI shall remain
effective to govern the use of this product.

The existence of a License Agreement by and between You and FRSI
must be confirmed prior to using this product.  If the site at which this
Program is used is a Licensed Facility under a Master License Agreement
with FRSI, the applicable License Certificate can be viewed and printed
by proceeding to the Explorer, clicking Explorer Help Topics under the
Help menu, and then selecting Software Licenses from the list of topics.
If the site at which this Program is used is NOT a Licensed Facility
under a Master License Agreement with FRSI and the use of the program is
NOT governed by a Beta Test Agreement, the use of this Program shall be
governed by the Software License Agreement that is printed in the sales
literature and on the package in which the program was delivered.  The
Software License Agreement can be viewed and printed by proceeding to
the Explorer, clicking Explorer Help Topics under the Help menu, and
then selecting Software Licenses from the list of topics.

If you CAN confirm the existence of a License Agreement by and between
You and Fisher-Rosemount Systems, Inc., please click on "Next" below.

If you CANNOT confirm the existence of a License Agreement by and
between You and Fisher-Rosemount Systems, Inc., please click on
"Cancel" below.  The Fisher-Rosemount Systems, Inc. product will not
operate if you click on "Cancel".  You may elect to return the
Fisher-Rosemount Systems, Inc. product to the place of purchase for
a refund. 